.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

## Bug description

<!-- A clear and concise description of what the bug is. -->

## To Reproduce

<!--
Steps to reproduce the behavior. Something like:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error
-->

## Expected behavior

<!-- A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen. -->

## Screenshots

<!-- If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem. -->

## Additional context

<!-- 
Add any other context about the problem here.
e.g. Check the developer console for any unexpected errors. Paste the console output if you are unsure.
-->

## Keybindings

<!--
Press `Ctrl+Shift+p` and run the action "Preferences: Open Keyboard Shortcuts (JSON)".
-->

<details><summary>Click to toggle contents of `keybindinds.json`</summary>
<p>
  
```jsonc
// Copy paste the content of your keybindings.json file here.
```

</p>
</details>

## Settings

<!--
Press `Ctrl+Shift+p` and run the action "Preferences: Open Settings (JSON)".
-->
<details><summary>Click to toggle contents of `settings.json`</summary>
<p>

```jsonc
// Copy paste the content of your settings.json file here.
```

</p>
</details>

## System information

<!--
- Press `Ctrl+Shift+p` and run the action "Help: Report Performance Issue".
- Click "show" in "Include my system information" and "Include my enabled extensions".
- Take a screenshot and copy paste it here.
-->

Commit message:

Add way to access dev console

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

## Bug description

<!-- A clear and concise description of what the bug is. -->

## To Reproduce

<!--
Steps to reproduce the behavior. Something like:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error
-->

## Expected behavior

<!-- A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen. -->

## Screenshots

<!-- If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem. -->

## Additional context

<!-- 
Add any other context about the problem here.
e.g. Check the developer console for any unexpected errors. Paste the console output if you are unsure.
The developer console can be found via Help > Toggle Developer Tools
-->

## Keybindings

<!--
Press `Ctrl+Shift+p` and run the action "Preferences: Open Keyboard Shortcuts (JSON)".
-->

<details><summary>Click to toggle contents of `keybindinds.json`</summary>
<p>
  
```jsonc
// Copy paste the content of your keybindings.json file here.
```

</p>
</details>

## Settings

<!--
Press `Ctrl+Shift+p` and run the action "Preferences: Open Settings (JSON)".
-->
<details><summary>Click to toggle contents of `settings.json`</summary>
<p>

```jsonc
// Copy paste the content of your settings.json file here.
```

</p>
</details>

## System information

<!--
- Press `Ctrl+Shift+p` and run the action "Help: Report Performance Issue".
- Click "show" in "Include my system information" and "Include my enabled extensions".
- Take a screenshot and copy paste it here.
-->
